First of all, we have to create a folder named Flights.
So you will create a new folder named Flights.
After that, you have to open the folder and click on the address at the top and write CMD.
Now we will run the command to create an app.
You will remember the command.
npx create react-app
After that, you will enter a dot.
So your own react-app will start creating.
So we wait for our react-app to create.
It takes a little time.
So finally our react-app has been created.
After creating the react-app, you have to use the command npm start.
By which your web development server will start.
And your website will be loaded on the browser.
So we have done npm start here.
And our website has opened in a short time.
So see our react-app has come to our browser.
Now you have to minimize the browser.
And you have to minimize the command prompt too.
After that, you have to press shift plus right click if you are in Windows 11.
And you will get the option of open with code.
You have to click on open with code.
And as soon as you do it, your VS code will open.
Now what you have to do is, I am setting up my VS code here.
So I will put the VS code here on the side.
As soon as the VS code opens, you will see this welcome screen.
You have to remove it.
And first of all, we have to see our file structure here.
So in the file structure, we have a public folder and a source folder.
So first of all, what we will do is, there are some files here that we do not need.
We will remove them.
So first of all, that is our favicon.icon.
So we will remove it.
We do not need it.
So we remove it.
After that, there is this logo.
So we remove these two logos as well.
After that, we come to the source folder.
Here we do not need app.test.js.
We remove it.
After that, we do not need logo.svg here.
Then this report is not of web vitals either.
And this same setup does not need test.js either.
After that, we will go to index.js.
And from here, we have some things.
So we are importing them.
We remove them.
And from below, we remove this whole thing too.
So finally, now our react app is completely clean.
And now we can start development here.